.TH hsh 1 "2023-12-11" "1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
hsh \- The Simple Shell

.SH DESCRIPTION
hsh is a simple shell designed for users seeking a lightweight and intuitive command-line interface. Similar to bash, hsh provides essential features for interacting with the system, executing commands, and managing files. It offers a user-friendly experience while maintaining a minimalistic design.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hsh [command ...]

.SH FEATURES
hsh supports a variety of commands, including ls, pwd, echo, cat, exit, and more. It aims to be a versatile yet straightforward shell.

.SH OPTIONS
hsh provides a set of options for customization and control. Users can explore its capabilities by invoking specific options alongside commands.
.br
.IP
.B -i
If the -i option is present, the shell is interactive.

.br
.B -l
Make bash act as if it had been invoked as a login shell

.br
.IP
.B -s
If the -s option is present, or if no arguments remain after option processing, then commands are read from the standard input.  This option allows the positional parameters to be set when invoking an interactive shell.

.br
.IP
.B -D
A list of all double-quoted strings preceded by $ is printed on the standard output.  These are the strings that are subject to language translation when the current locale is not C or POSIX.  This implies the -n option; no commands will be executed.


.SH USAGE
To use hsh, simply enter the desired command followed by any applicable options or arguments. The shell will execute the command and display the results.

.SH EXAMPLES
Explore the capabilities of hsh with the following examples:
.B hsh ls -l
.br
.B hsh echo "Hello, World!"
.br
.B hsh cat file.txt

.SH VERSION
hsh version 1.0

.SH AUTHOR
Onil Rodriguez
.br
Javier Ferrer

.SH REPORTING BUGS
We welcome your feedback! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please report them to the hsh development team on our github repo.

.SH SEE ALSO
.B sh(1), zsh(1), bash(1)

.SH NOTES
The goal is to have a full fledge shell personalized to my usage with arch linux in the near future.

.SH BUGS
cd command is not working properly
.br

